Hello friends my name is Anil Rajput
channel and today I am pranking you
today a health insurance plan of share number
which is named Health Tips Plan this is the
best plan with many unique
features including worldwide insurance
cover so let's see in this policy
and you should buy it if you like this video
then subscribe to our YouTube channel
thank you
this health insurance policy is
unlimited it means
subscribe and
subscribe
and subscribe
and after 2 minutes the doctor is sick they
also get scared that maya and the health
insurance policy you took was purchased for only 10 lakhs
but still the companies will
charge you the full 40 lakhs because
whenever your maximum is completed these
companies will set you to restore the explanation again
it means
after unlimited whatever viral
your entire music company is back reset it will
restore it means you have paid the
premium to the company subscribed 1m
you took 400 here in this way this is a
very good feature there is another side of this feature which is this  If you do
not subscribe, you do
not get the second subscription even if you are appointed, but if you
take an additional percentage of family then
you get this benefit only.
Look at the second speciality of this year, this ambulance cover
means if you are sick and you
need to go to a good hospital for treatment for some other thing and
you can
easily get it from someone else. It is not good for you.
Subscribe through pregnancy.
In this policy you will get Temple Run traditional
news which increases up to 50% and
is beneficial, hence your insurance cover will be
10% every year for the next
9th month. Here it is called Null and
in additional news protector situation,
if you subscribe to the demands
then you do
not get subscribed, do
not subscribe to the channel, now
subscribe to the school, subscribe to our channel,
subscribe to my channel,
so this is a good option,
according to inflation, you should definitely take
a very good worldwide cover of insurance at that time
and for example, take support
that Kashmir dispute and they came to know
that on
Thursday, you can subscribe here abroad in America.  By
clicking on the subscribe button you will
get the benefit in this policy, for this you have to
subscribe to the channel and
subscribe to
Plane Protector, this is optional, this is a very
good option, right now what happens is that
when you are admitted in the hospital,
₹2000 is deducted for small things,
this happened in
Moscow
Russian
Company
Hospital, that is not covered, but here
you need to do it and
Consumer Electronics Show, there is
a super no claim bonus, you saw in the beginning
that your time person of insurance
increases, but if any customer goes and
his insurance cover is going, then he
can avail the benefit of super no claim bonus, if
his internal can be 5 lakhs, then you did
not subscribe, you will
not have to subscribe,
but if you
subscribe, then it will
increase by 200 percent, what is this
explanation, if there is
no love, then
subscribe for that, then
subscribe for that, after that now
school
subscribe to
New
Delhi consultation, there are many customers who
ask that positive is the news that
normal people visit the hospital, which is the
online facility appointed for that  You will have to
subscribe and you can subscribe to the doctor
online at any time
and you can also easily
subscribe,
like, share and subscribe
distance from the medical store, you
can get all these solutions through the application or by calling.
Now on the basic features of this policy which are
most common in all the companies, like
you have infection treatment, infection
treatment means for which you need to be
admitted in a medical hospital for 24 hours, so
if you are admitted in the
hospital for 24 hours due to any disease or accident, then
all its expenses will be
covered in this policy,
subscribe Priyanka, that means the expenses incurred before admission in the hospital
and due to discharge will
also be
covered under this policy, these policies will be
covered, Dekhkar means
all such glasses for which you are
not required to be admitted in the hospital for 24 hours.
MP3 waiting period will be for 2 years in this policy, if
you have
polish clear and
you already have any medical condition or
use of any help before taking the policy, if you mention that then you will get
two years baking soda to cover the treatment of that thing
For this, you will
get the treatment arranged here only. If you want,
you can get admitted in a withdrawal hospital and get a
son under this policy.
Subscribe
to the hospital. Pimples Hospital of Delhi.
Gallic Acid means that if you are
admitted in the hospital for three consecutive days, then
you will get maximum benefits for 10 days.
This means that if you do a spot job
or any work, then
technically, because you are
not able to go to work for that many days, then
you will get this option of daily gas last week
and tomorrow you will have to pay separately,
but you can also avail these benefits.
This means if you have an insurance cover of 5 lakhs,
then you will get ₹1000 per day for 10
days. You will get it for ₹10. If your
insurance cover together is 10 lakhs, then
you will get it for ₹2000, that is, 20,000 for three fellows.
If you take insurance cover
subscription on these
conversations benefits, this means
that if you are younger than 10 juniors  If you have to
stay in the hospital continuously for quick
recovery then the company will give you ₹10 so
that you can
recover quickly.
I have already extended to you a no claim bonus on your screen protectors, semester protectors.
Under this policy,
you will be given nursing home benefit for 15 days in a match according to your semester.
This means that if you
are admitted in the hospital for more than 5.5 days, then your
family will
subscribe in this way
and the
expenses incurred for going home from the hospital are
here.
In this policy, you will get the benefit of critical illness
video. This is a very good thing
that the person who will be taken out by murdering here, it is
like cancer, you are from ISRO, how much is the Major Robin
transplanter, in this way
some big critical illnesses occur,
so if your marriage is up to 10 lakhs, then you have to pay the entire
10 lakhs together and this don't subscribe. If
you have
not subscribed then
subscribe like subscribe
that in this policy you
can also take President Insurance policy of external issue.
Total December frog artificiality in this, just all this
Things that will be covered above, if we
talk about waiting clear, then Mishri
Batting Tuesday is said to be in the health insurance
policy, in this also birthday will be
batted and pre-existing diseases will be
covered after 2 years, if
you have hypertension, diabetes, then
those cigarettes will not increase, so
if you suddenly fall ill or
need an ambulance to go to the hospital, then
how can you book an ambulance,
for this you have to
call 100 102 286, here you have to
type, after that
you have to enter the name and the type of emergency,
after that the ambulance will
come to your house and take you,
subscribe, now
the critical illness cover, as I
told some time ago that this policy
also has critical illness cover, in which the
meters like cancer, open
heart surgery or post mortem,
transplant history,
appointment, paralysis etc. are definitely covered, so all these types of
things which you should subscribe to the page together, so
in this, what if
people are appointed on admission in the hospital, that
I have placed this premium chart in front of you regarding the premium of this policy,
assuming 18% GST is already included in it, if the person is 35 years old, then
his cost will be ₹845 for ₹5,
if two children are appointed with him, then it will be ₹
299 for ₹
1100, do
subscribe
and you will also get unlimited restore benefits, the
second benefit
is like you saw that if you want 2 children, if the
premium is ₹19167 or less, then the premium comes to ₹
5 lakh, for these three spoons, if you
just subscribe, then you will get ₹10,
Om has subscribed to Bigg Boss
and at the same time, if the husband-wife take an
insurance cover of ₹50 lakh till 234, then you will
get this policy in subscription, think about it, according to the remaining, there is
unlimited to benefit
of Major Sayeed, Major Religious can also get
cured by going to the hospital and getting treatment,
I think this is a very good plan,
whose premium is also  Comparatively the work and features are
very good, you are
also taking worldwide cover in it, unlimited reset benefit is being
said, no claim bonus of tank printer is
kept at 50%, then it can increase to 200%, so you
can modify this plan as per your requirement by taking additional providers, cashless hospitality
of the company is very good, this company
also talks to you about claim settlement in four hours, so many
good benefits, the
company is very good, the brand is also very good,
so you should definitely take this policy, I
request that if you liked my video then
definitely subscribe to my YouTube channel
and if you
want to purchase this polythene from it, you can call my
mobile number 110
90 or WhatsApp me, thank you so much